Fixup documentation on history navigation commands (#4928)
mawww/kakoune: doc/pages/changelog.asciidoc

== Development version

> * Selection undo/redo moved to `<a-u>`/`<a-U>` and moving in history tree to

Reviewer: "moved" is wrong because it hadn't been released yet

```suggestion
`<a-u>` and `<a-U>` now undo selection changes; the previous meaning of moving in history tree has been oved to `<c-j>`/`<c-k>`.
```

Same in main.cc

Author: Agreed.
